let's get the picture in uh Southern G
Gaza we can speak to Al jaz's hany
Mahmud he's in Han unes uh talk us
through what's happening where you
are yes melan well uh throughout the
past uh early hours of this morning and
late hours of of last night uh three
different areas were the site of massive
air strikes and mass B bombardment uh
was starting with the city of RAF where
residential home was targeted and
destroyed while people were still inside
the the the attack came with no warning
uh killing nine people right at the spot
with multiple injuries and where people
are still uh under the Rebels the number
is expected to rise uh to uh the central
part of Gaza Strip namely a zaa area
such a popul ated area right after dens
populated area right after people
evacuated from the northern part in Gaza
City and and stay and took that area as
a shelter an entire uh family was killed
as their home uh was destroyed
completely uh at early hours of this uh
of this morning we're talking about the
grandparents parents uh children and
grandchildren relatives and In-laws in
one house took it as a shelter was
completely destroyed 18 people reported
killed from that family a large number
of injuries uh were reported as well
there are still people under the rebel
and with the lack of equipment it's hard
to know exactly how many people are
remaining still and who's still alive
under the rebel and who's not to the
Eastern side of of of Gaza City a zun
neighborhood uh such uh densely
populated neighborhood uh similar to
shij but since the beginning of the war
this neighborhood has been a a major
Target for the Israeli air strikes and
the artillery uh Shilling and the tank
Shilling but as of last late hours of
last night uh a home a resident a group
of residential homes were destroyed uh
leaving 15 people uh killed right away
and many also of of serious injuries
were uh reported uh in the hospitals
again all of these three uh locations
that been the of Israeli air strikes um
there are still people under the rebels
uh self-defense Personnel don't have the
equipment don't have the proper
Machinery to rescue people who are still
there it takes hours and hours just to
get people from under the rebels which
reduces the chance of them getting out
alive if they still
alive okay Al jazer is Hy Mahmud there
for us in car Unice thank you so much
for your reporting